I'll have Swiss cheesea new variety
I'll ship it in from over seas
listin' the night awaylistin' the night away
I'll have some Gala cheeseSapsago cheese
Appenzeller cheeseEmmentaler cheese
I'll have some cheese that reminds me of the good timesI'll have some cheese that reminds me of the better times
All the Swiss cheesehundreds of... kinds for me...
I'll have Swiss cheesea new variety
I'll ship it in from over seas
listin' the night awaylistin' the night away
I'll have some Gala cheeseSapsago cheese
Appenzeller cheeseEmmentaler cheese
I'll have some cheese that reminds me of the good timesI'll have some cheese that reminds me of the better times
All the Swiss cheese...